chore(fluid-combo-box): Introduce combo box as web-component. (#1664)
dynatrace-oss/barista: libs/fluid-elements/combo-box/README.md

# fluid-combo-box

This library was generated with [Nx](https://nx.dev).

## Running unit tests

> Run `ng test fluid-combo-box` to execute the unit tests via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `bazel test //libs/fluid-elements/combobox:test` to execute the unit tests via
```
The Angular test target doesn't seem to exist

> [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Author: that's awesome, thx for the hint! 💯 🚀 🔥 🎉 🤯 😄
